 Newton's laws in two minutes, the idea in synthesis. Once upon a time there was a world in which there was a thing called movement. People wondered why things moved, and began to propose random solutions. Until Galileo arrived, and then Newton, sitting at the basis of modern science, inaugurating a new discipline, the dynamics, whose center are Newton's laws. First law, people moved objects, but they saw how they ended up stopping. Galileo explained that this was due to interactions that the body suffered with other elements, such as friction with the ground, air, gravitational attraction. Galileo assumed that if we did not do all the interactions that affect an object, it would maintain its constant movement. If there are no interactions, the speed of a body is constant, and that includes rest. This is what the first law, or the law of inertia, tells. Inertia is the property of remaining in a state of motion, and its manifestation is mass. Second law, if you observe that the speed of an object is not constant, as it accelerates, for example, it is because there are agents that interact with it. We call these interactions forces. Forces change the state of motion of a body, and depend on the resistance of this movement. Come on, of its mass. This is a fundamental concept in physics. From this principle we can predict, from balls, pendulums and springs, to the movement of the planets. And third law, if a body exerts a force on another, the first will suffer an equal force and in the opposite direction. It is because a very important entity is preserved, the moment, or also called amount of movement. The moment is the product of mass per speed. The intuitive idea is that if we have a mosquito and a truck at the same speed, the truck has more momentum to have more mass. The good thing is that if we have a system where there is no external force, the moment is preserved, it transfers within it. We have a particle at rest and another impacts with it at a certain speed. As the momentum is preserved in the system, the amount of movement transfers to the other particle, changing the speeds of the two. But wait, we have changed the state of motion of the two bodies, then here there is force. We have accelerated the particle at rest to the initial speed, but we have also taken the particle at rest. Then there is also a force, which is equal and in the opposite direction. Action, reaction, you can't move things without losing momentum. Newton and his contemporaries thought that with these laws they would explain everything and dominate the world. But it turns out that these laws are just an approximation to the real world, to this strange and surprising world that current physics describes. If you want to know it, don't hesitate to subscribe. And thanks for watching.